---
layout: post
title:  "7.0.7"
author: The Cerb Team
date:   2015-11-16 13:00:00 -0700
permalink: /releases/7.0.7/
tags: cerb announcements releases
release:
  type: maintenance update
  count: 7
---

**Cerb ({{ page.title }})** is a **{{ page.release.type }}** released on {{ page.date | date: "%B %d, %Y" }}; it contains **{{ page.release.count }}** improvements from community feedback covering the [7.0](/releases/7.0/) update. You can [follow these instructions](/docs/upgrading/) to upgrade.

* **[CHD-4186] [Virtual Attendants/Relay]** Improved the 'Relay to external email' action in app-owned 'Custom ticket' behaviors. Previously this was only allowing the current worker as a relay target, rather than all workers.

* **[Mail/HTML]** Fixed some more display issues with Microsoft Office formatted HTML messages. In these cases, the Timeline tab's loading spinner ran indefinitely because Tidy had crashed the PHP process.

* **[Mail/HTML Templates]** Fixed a bug when deleting an HTML Mail Template. This was still attempting to unlink it from any group records, when templates are only associated with buckets and reply-to addresses in 7.x.

* **[Platform/Plugin Library]** Fixed an issue with the DevblocksPlatform::strVersionToInt() method where a version like '7.1' (rather than '7.1.0') would result in the int '701' rather than '70100'. This caused problems with updating plugins in the Plugin Library.

* **[Profiles/Ticket]** Fixed an issue that prevented the 'updated date' field from displaying in the properties of a Ticket profile page.

* **[Virtual Attendants/Variables]** Fixed an issue in Virtual Attendants where the 'Remove these objects from the variable' option of the 'Set variable' action didn't properly remove the given objects from the variable.

* **[Setup/Support Center/Templates]** Fixed an issue in Setup->Configure->Portals when exporting a set of custom templates from a portal. In newer versions of PHP this gave an error along the lines of "Only variables should be assigned by reference".