---
layout: post
title:  "In Development: 8.2"
excerpt: Cerb 8.2 is a major feature update in development during October 2017 with 38+ improvements from community feedback.
author: The Cerb Team
date: 2017-10-07 12:00:00 -0700
permalink: /releases/8.2/
redirect_from:
  - /8.2/
  - /wiki/8.2/
tags: cerb announcements releases
release:
  type: major feature update
  count: 38
---

**Cerb (8.2)** is a **{{ page.release.type }}** in development as of October 7, 2017.  It currently contains **{{ page.release.count }}** new features and improvements from community feedback.

{% comment %}
<div class="cerb-box note">
	<p>
		To check if you qualify for this release as a free update, view <b>Setup &raquo; Configure &raquo; License</b>. If your software updates expire on or after <b>August 21, 2017</b> then you can upgrade without renewing your license.  Cerb Cloud subscribers will be upgraded automatically.
	</p>
</div>
{% endcomment %}

{% comment %}
# Introduction
...

Thanks for supporting Cerb!

- Jeff Standen, Software Architect, Cerb
{% endcomment %}

{% comment %}
# Important Release Notes
{:.no_toc}

* **Always [make a backup](/docs/backups) before upgrading.**

* **Cerb 8.2 requires PHP 7.0+**.

* To upgrade your installation, [follow these instructions](/docs/upgrading).
{% endcomment %}

* TOC
{:toc}

# Planned
{:.no_toc}

See: <https://github.com/jstanden/cerb/projects/7>

{% comment %}
# Custom Records

# Mail

Email signature records
Buckets >> Groups
Mail transports on addys

# Packages

### Create any record type from packages

# Records API

# Cards

# Platform
{% endcomment %}

# Current Release Notes
{:.no_toc}

* **[Custom Records]** New record types can be created from the UI without the need for plugins. Just like built-in record types, custom record types show up in the search menu, worklists, cards, links, custom fields, and itemized permissions in roles. See: [Create records for anything without using plugins](/blog/2017/09/08/Custom-records/)
* **[Features/Plugins]** The 'Webhooks' plugin is now bundled with Cerb as a feature (rather than in the Plugin Library).
* **[Features/Plugins]** The 'Conversational Bot Portal for Public Websites' plugin is now bundled with Cerb as a feature (rather than in the Plugin Library).
* **[Features/Plugins]** The 'Project Boards' plugin is now bundled with Cerb as a feature (rather than in the Plugin Library).
* **[Records/API]** When creating calendar records, the `params` field can be provided. This is a JSON-formatted key/value object.
* **[Records/API]** When creating contact records, the `email field can be provided. The value is an email address string that will be linked or created as `email_id`.
* **[Records/API]** When creating activity log records, the `params` field can be provided. This is a JSON-formatted key/value object.
* **[Records/API]** When creating group records, the `image` field can be provided. This is a PNG image formatted as a base64-encoded string.
* **[Records/API]** When creating worker records, the `image` field can be provided. This is a PNG image formatted as a base64-encoded string.
* **[Records/API]** When creating workspace list records, the `params` field can be provided. This is a JSON-formatted key/value object.
* **[Records/API]** When creating workspace widget records, the `params` field can be provided. This is a JSON-formatted key/value object.
* **[Installer/Plugin]** The installer now automatically enables the following plugins: Conversational Bot Portal for Public Websites, Project Boards, and Webhooks.
* **[Records/API]** When creating ticket records, the `participants` and `status` fields can now be provided. The `participants` field is a comma-separated list of valid email addresses. The `status` field must be one of: `open`, `waiting`, `closed`, or `deleted`.
* **[Records/API]** When creating snippet records, the 'placeholders' field can be provided. This is a JSON-formatted key/value object.
* **[Records/API]** When creating notification records, the 'params' field can be provided. This is a JSON-formatted key/value object.
* **[Records/API]** When creating message records, the `content`, `headers`, and `sender` fields can be provided. The `content` field is a text string. The `headers` field is a text string of `Header: value` pairs separated by linefeeds. The `sender` field is an email address string that will be linked or created as `sender_id`.
* **[Packages/Records]** Packages can now create records of almost any type. Previously, packages were limited to a few hard-coded record types (bots, custom fields, workspaces, etc).
* **[Installer]** The installer now sets a default signature on the first sender address.
* **[UI/Cards/Usability]** When closing an editor popup with the ESC keyboard shortcut, a confirmation message is now displayed (i.e. "Are you sure you want to close this editor without saving?"). This allows workers to keep the editor open if closed unintentionally. This is current implemented for compose, comments, and bot behaviors.
* **[Mail/Setup]** When configuring outgoing mail, the 'sender address' records are no longer needed. Email transports are assigned directly to email address records to claim them as usable outgoing email addresses. This simplifies configuration, and allows outgoing addresses to be created directly from groups, buckets, and other configuration settings.
* **[Mail/Signatures]** Email signatures are now their own record type. This makes it much easier to share and manage multiple signatures. Previously, email signatures were selected through complex cascading rules: bucket, bucket sender, group inbox, group inbox sender, default sender address.
* **[Setup/Mail/Templates]** The automated email messages sent by Cerb for various events are now completely configurable (i.e. send from, send as, subject, and body). These include new worker invitations, worker new email confirmations, and worker account recovery. The previous templates included very little body text, which often led to them being flagged as spam. Including the worker and company names in the template can help improve this.
* **[Mail/Groups]** Outgoing mail defaults are now configured at the group level (i.e. send from, send as, HTML template, signature). When a bucket doesn't override these values, the group's values are used. Previously, an unnecessarily complex series of cascading defaults was used: bucket, bucket reply-to, group inbox, group inbox reply-to, then default reply-to. This was difficult for users to understand where the defaults were coming from. Without magic defaults coming from sender addresses, this is much easier to understand and configure.
* **[Cards/Choosers/HTML Templates]** Implemented cards and choosers for HTML template records. This simplifies the configuration of groups and buckets.
* **[Cards/Choosers/Mail Transports]** Implemented cards and choosers for mail transport records. This simplifies the configuration of outgoing mail on address records.
* **[Cards/Choosers/Mailboxes]** Implemented cards and choosers for email mailbox records.
* **[Setup/Team/Usability]** On the 'setup' page, a new 'Team' menu is available for quickly setting up roles, groups, and workers. It was possible to do this from the global 'search' menu, but this wasn't intuitive.
* **[Setup/Mail/Usability]** On the setup page, the 'Mail' menu has been simplified to two 'Incoming mail' and Outgoing mail' sections. Each section is divided into tabs that are sequentially ordered (e.g. create transports, assign transports to sender addresses, assign sender addresses to buckets). Previously there was a dozen options in the mail menu without any clear sequence to them.
* **[Platform/Developers/Template Editor]** The template editor popup is now capable of displaying custom placeholders along with those from a given record type. Previously the template editor could only display one context worth of placeholders (e.g. workers for editing a signature template). This editor popup simplifies the UI by not embedding a full script editor with a placeholder menu for every field that needs one. Clicking into the field opens the template editor in a new popup. This also reduces a lot of code redundancy.
* **[Cards/Webhooks]** Implemented cards and choosers for webhook listener records. Implemented custom fields on webhooks.
* **[Cards/API]** Implemented cards and choosers for API credential records.
* **[Cards/Knowledgebase]** Implemented cards and choosers for knowledgebase category records. Categories now appear in the global search menu as well. Previously they were buried on knowledgebase workspace tabs.
* **[Cards/Knowledgebase]** Implemented cards and choosers for knowledgebase articles.
* **[UI/Popups/Usability]** Improved the usability of popup windows everywhere in Cerb. Previously, resizing or moving a popup broke its automatic height adjustment when its contents changed. The popup height is now recalculated after ever drag or resize event.
* **[UI/Search/Usability]** The global search menu now opens in a three-column menu, rather than a potentially very long one column list that requires vertical scrolling.
* **[Custom Records/Bots]** Implemented bot behaviors for custom record types.
* **[Portals/Security]** When setting cookies for portals, we now set the `secure` flag when SSL is in use.
* **[Bots/Custom Records]** In bots, custom records are now available in 'Record changed' behaviors.

{% comment %}
664809723544f3a1b6155d6eb980a21aa7eb6905
{% endcomment %}