---
layout: post
title: "In Development: 8.1.5"
excerpt: Cerb 8.1.5 is a maintenance update in development during October 2017 with 10 fixes and minor features from community feedback.
author: The Cerb Team
date: 2017-10-13 11:40:00 -0700
permalink: /releases/8.1.5/
redirect_from:
  - /8.1.5/
tags: cerb announcements releases
release:
  type: maintenance update
  count: 10
---

**Cerb (8.1.5)** is a **{{ page.release.type }}** in development as of October 13, 2017. It includes **{{ page.release.count}}** fixes and minor features from community feedback covering the [8.1](/releases/8.1/) update.  You can [follow these instructions](/docs/upgrading/) to upgrade.

* **[Bots/Recurrent Behaviors]** In bots, added the following actions to recurrent behaviors: create comment, create notification, create task, create ticket, send email, and set links.

* **[Import Packages]** Fixed an issue with importing packages that used placeholders.  Thanks @mattmartincouk for reporting!

* **[Bots/Messages]** Fixed an issue on message-based bot behaviors where `ticket_group_` and `group_` placeholders were used interchangeably (even in picker menus), but only the latter worked. Thanks @mattmartincouk!

* **[Bots/Interactions/Actions]** In conversational bot interactions with workers, added a new 'Prompt with date input' action. This normalizes date input and provides a popup calendar, similar to how date input works in the rest of Cerb. Once a date is entered and normalized, a 'send' button appears and is automatically focused. This allows a worker to enter a date line `Monday 9am Europe/London` and then make adjustments to the localized time before proceeding.

* **[Bots/Interactions]** Fixed an issue with bot profile images on the conversation popup window. Images weren't being updated and re-cached when the bot's updated date changed.

* **[Bots/Custom Fields]** In bots, fixed an issue with conditions that used multi-checkbox custom fields comparisons. These were sometimes failing on valid comparisons. Thanks @mattmartincouk! [[#340](https://github.com/jstanden/cerb/issues/340)]

* **[Bots/Parser]** In bots, fixed an issue with setting custom fields on linked records from **Before new incoming message is accepted** events. Thanks @mattmartincouk for extensive debugging reports!

* **[Bots/Mail/Filters]** In bot mail filtering behaviors, fixed an issue with setting date-based custom fields. The placeholder and calendar options were being ignored. Thanks @mattmartincouk! [[#465](https://github.com/jstanden/cerb/issues/465)]

* **[Profiles/Tickets]** Fixed an issue with the shortcuts at the top of ticket profiles. If a worker had write access to a ticket but wasn't a group member (e.g. admins, or public groups) then the shortcut resulted in a blank white screen. [[#461](https://github.com/jstanden/cerb/issues/461)]

* **[Bots]** In 'Before message sent from worker' behaviors, added 'Group' and 'Ticket bucket' as targets. This provides access to group placeholders and custom fields when modifying the outgoing messages. [[#467](https://github.com/jstanden/cerb/issues/467)]

