---
layout: post
title: "8.1.6"
excerpt: Cerb 8.1.6 is a maintenance update released in October 2017 with 10 fixes and minor features from community feedback.
author: The Cerb Team
date: 2017-10-23 10:40:00 -0700
permalink: /releases/8.1.6/
redirect_from:
  - /8.1.6/
tags: cerb announcements releases
release:
  type: maintenance update
  count: 10
---

**Cerb (8.1.6)** is a **{{ page.release.type }}** released on October 23, 2017. It includes **{{ page.release.count}}** fixes and minor features from community feedback covering the [8.1](/releases/8.1/) update.  You can [follow these instructions](/docs/upgrading/) to upgrade.

* **[Bots/Scripts]** In bot scripting, implemented a new `|context_name()` filter for converting context IDs (e.g. `cerberusweb.contexts.ticket`) to human-friendly labels (e.g. ticket, tickets). An optional argument can specify `singular` or `plural`, with the latter being the default.

* **[Bots/Interactions]** Fixed an issue with bot interactions. The 'Conversation get interactions for worker' event wasn't populating the `worker_` placeholders properly.

* **[API/Tasks]** In the API, creating and updating tasks can now set the `reopen_at` field for tasks in the `waiting` status.

* **[Packages]** When importing a package, the entire server-side cache is now flushed.

* **[Mail/Filtering]** In bots, with mail filtering behaviors, changes to the `From:` header are now reflected in the behavior's dictionary. Previously, a header like `From: <>` couldn't be fixed using a bot mail filter because the message was rejected before the filters ran.

* **[Mail/Filtering]** In bots, with mail filtering behaviors, when the `In-Reply-To:` or `References:` headers are modified the model is updated to reflect the new 'Parent ticket' (or lack thereof).

* **[API/Attachments]** In the API, the attachments module now returns the `storeage_sha1hash` field. [[#473](https://github.com/jstanden/cerb/issues/473)]

* **[Attachments]** When uploading new attachments (in UI or API), an empty SHA-1 hash will always fail a duplicate file check. [[#476](https://github.com/jstanden/cerb/issues/476)]

* **[Bots/Mail]** In bots, on 'Before message sent from worker' events, fixed an issue with the 'Replace text in message content' action. If multiple replace actions occurred, the results were inconsistent. [[#475](https://github.com/jstanden/cerb/issues/475)]

* **[Worklists/Tickets/Bulk]** On ticket worklists, when using bulk update, the 'Move to:' option always selects the default bucket for the current group. Previously, it was possible to bulk update with a blank bucket. [[#471](https://github.com/jstanden/cerb/issues/471)]

