---
layout: post
title: "8.0.2"
excerpt: Cerb 8.0.2 is a maintenance update released in June 2017 with 15 minor features and fixes from community feedback.
author: The Cerb Team
date: 2017-06-30 15:00:00 -0700
permalink: /releases/8.0.2/
redirect_from:
  - /8.0.2/
tags: cerb announcements releases
release:
  type: maintenance update
  count: 15
---

**Cerb (8.0.2)** is a **{{ page.release.type }}** released on June 30, 2017. It includes **{{ page.release.count}}** fixes and minor features from community feedback covering the [8.0](/releases/8.0/) update.  You can [follow these instructions](/docs/upgrading/) to upgrade.

* **[Bots/Interactions]** On bot interactions, defaulted the color for 'Prompt with buttons' to the same blue as sent messages.

* **[Worklists/Tickets]** On ticket worklists, added `data-status` and `data-status-id` metadata to the `<tbody>` element to simplify bot scripting on worklists.

* **[Bots/Interactions/Profiles]** When using bot interactions on profiles, the `i` keyboard shortcut now focuses the interactions menu and allows keyboard navigation.

* **[Bots/Variables]** Fixed an issue with bot behavior variables. When setting a 'mixed records' list variable, the 'Limit to:' options didn't appear until the action was saved and reopened.

* **[Custom Fields]** Fixed an issue with picklist custom fields. Options with multibyte characters weren't being saved properly on selection.

* **[Workspaces/Pages]** Fixed an issue with importing workspace pages.

* **[Bots]** Fixed an issue with the 'Record commented on' event. Conditions that used the 'comment author' or 'comment record type' placeholders weren't matching properly.

* **[Bots/Mail]** Fixed an issue in 'Before message sent from worker' events. When setting the `To:`, `Cc:`, or `Bcc:` header as an action from a behavior, the message headers weren't always properly updated. These actions now use the `addTo()`, `addCc()`, and `addBcc()` methods in the SwiftMailer API.

* **[Worklists/Search]** Fixed an issue with fulltext searches where a phrase contained an underscore. These queries weren't matching properly.

* **[Bots/Behaviors]** When building bot behaviors with actions that use a worker picker, worker profile pictures are now displayed for all selections.

* **[Bots/Behaviors]** When using bot behaviors with an `On:` option (e.g. run/schedule behavior, create comment), single worker-based behavior variables are now available. Previously, only worker list variables were included.

* **[Worklists/Worker]** Added a `lastActivity:` filter to worker worklists. This filters workers who have been active within a certain date/time range. For instance, "workers who have been active within the past 15 minutes", or "workers who have not been active for the past 3 months".

* **[Mail/Compose/Reply]** Added email address choosers to the To/Cc/Bcc fields when composing and replying to mail.  This makes it much simpler to select several contacts at once based on any filter criteria.

* **[Bots/Behaviors]** Fixed an issue in bot behaviors when using a 'set list' action. When opening the worklist, quick search could show 'undefined' rather than using the query from the behavior.

* **[Bots/Interactions]** On bot interactions, when using the 'Open worklist' action, the opened worklist will now match the title, columns, sorting, and page size of the reference worklist.