---
layout: post
title: "8.0.1"
excerpt: Cerb 8.0.1 is a maintenance update released in June 2017 with 18 minor features and fixes from community feedback.
author: The Cerb Team
date: 2017-06-19 16:30:00 -0700
permalink: /releases/8.0.1/
redirect_from:
  - /8.0.1/
tags: cerb announcements releases
release:
  type: maintenance update
  count: 18
---

**Cerb (8.0.1)** is a **{{ page.release.type }}** released on June 19, 2017. It includes **{{ page.release.count}}** fixes and minor features from community feedback covering the [8.0](/releases/8.0/) update.  You can [follow these instructions](/docs/upgrading/) to upgrade.

* **[Mail/Reply]** Fixed an issue with the 'preview' option when composing or replying to mail. The preview displayed without linefeeds or `#command` substitution due to a change in `async:false` in the Ajax calls.

* **[Search/Usability]** In the global search menu, added a 'most frequently used' section to the top with 'Tickets' as the default. This will soon be populated per-worker and address usability issues with people having to find common contexts in the full list (possibly even scrolling the page if many plugins are installed).

* **[Profiles/Tickets]** On ticket profiles, moved participant management to the ticket edit card. This allows all ticket properties to be edited from a single place.

* **[Mentions]** Fixed an issue with `@mentions` not working in some situations.

* **[Portals]** In the deployed `index.php` proxy script, fixed an issue with extraneous `Transfer-Encoding:` headers in responses from the origin.

* **[Profiles/Tickets]** On ticket profiles, the count on the 'Attachments' button now includes attachments on sticky notes on messages on the ticket.

* **[Profiles/Tickets/Notes]** Fixed an issue on ticket profiles where attachments weren't displayed on sticky notes.

* **[Bots/Loops/Interactions]** Fixed an issue in conversational bot interactions with infinite loops.  If an action broke the loop, the behavior replay after a prompt didn't reproduce this. This led to a hanging behavior.

* **[Portals]** Fixed an issue in PHP 7.1 when creating new community portals.

* **[Support Center/Knowledgebase]** In the Support Center, added `$article->getCustomFields()` in knowledgebase templates for retrieving custom field values.

* **[Explore]** Added an `APP_OPT_EXPLORE_MAX_PAGES` option to `framework.config.php` to control the maximum number of pages used by explore mode for tickets and messages. Pages contain 250 records each, and this setting defaults to 4 pages (1000 rows).

* **[Profiles/Ticket]** Added an `APP_OPT_DEPRECATED_PROFILE_QUICK_SEARCH` option to `framework.config.php` for displaying the quick search box on ticket profiles.  The Search->Tickets menu should be used instead, but this option allows existing users to transition more gradually.

* **[Code Cleanup]** Fixed a PHP notice on bot-powered dashboard widgets in the simulator.

* **[Code Cleanup]** Fixed a PHP notice when loading a ticket worklist from a public bot without a worker session.

* **[Bots/Interactions]** On conversational bot interactions, added a 'Prompt with chooser' action. This allows a worker to make single and multiple selections using the standard chooser control in Cerb (a popup worklist with a preset query). The worker chat history shows the labels for the selections in the chat log, while actually sending the record IDs back to the bot.

* **[Worklists/Search]** On worker worklists, added a `role:` filter to quick search for filtering workers by role membership. This is particularly useful for restricting bot interactions by role.

* **[Bots]** Fixed an issue in bots with the 'Run behavior' and 'Schedule behavior' actions. When setting a worker-based behavior variable using another variable, editing the action after saving didn't show the selection in the dropdown.

* **[Support Center]** Fixed an issue in the Support Center. Some columns on the ticket history worklist weren't showing data (status, first wrote, last wrote, org).
