---
layout: post
title: "In Development: 8.0.1"
excerpt: Cerb 8.0.1 is a maintenance update in development during June 2017 with 8 fixes and minor features from community feedback.
author: The Cerb Team
date: 2017-06-13 13:00:00 -0700
permalink: /releases/8.0.1/
redirect_from:
  - /8.0.1/
tags: cerb announcements releases
release:
  type: maintenance update
  count: 8
---

**Cerb (8.0.1)** is a **{{ page.release.type }}** in development as of June 13, 2017. It includes **{{ page.release.count}}** fixes and minor features from community feedback covering the [8.0](/releases/8.0/) update.  You can [follow these instructions](/docs/upgrading/) to upgrade.

* **[Mail/Reply]** Fixed an issue with the 'preview' option when composing or replying to mail. The preview displayed without linefeeds or `#command` substitution due to a change in `async:false` in the Ajax calls.

* **[Search/Usability]** In the global search menu, added a 'most frequently used' section to the top with 'Tickets' as the default. This will soon be populated per-worker and address usability issues with people having to find common contexts in the full list (possibly even scrolling the page if many plugins are installed).

* **[Profiles/Tickets]** On ticket profiles, moved participant management to the ticket edit card. This allows all ticket properties to be edited from a single place.

* **[Mentions]** Fixed an issue with `@mentions` not working in some situations.

* **[Portals]** In the deployed `index.php` proxy script, fixed an issue with extraneous `Transfer-Encoding:` headers in responses from the origin.

* **[Profiles/Tickets]** On ticket profiles, the count on the 'Attachments' button now includes attachments on sticky notes on messages on the ticket.

* **[Profiles/Tickets/Notes]** Fixed an issue on ticket profiles where attachments weren't displayed on sticky notes.

* **[Bots/Loops/Interactions]** Fixed an issue in conversational bot interactions with infinite loops.  If an action broke the loop, the behavior replay after a prompt didn't reproduce this. This led to a hanging behavior.