---
layout: post
title:  "7.2.5"
excerpt: Cerb 7.2.5 is a maintenance update released in January 2017 with 26 fixes and minor features from community feedback.
author: The Cerb Team
date:   2017-01-09 15:00:00 -0700
permalink: /releases/7.2.5/
tags: cerb announcements releases
release:
  type: maintenance update
  count: 26
---

**Cerb (7.2.5)** is a **{{ page.release.type }}** released on January 9, 2017; it contains **{{ page.release.count}}** fixes and minor features from community feedback covering the [7.2](/releases/7.2/) update.  You can [follow these instructions](/docs/upgrading/) to upgrade.

* **[Worklists/Search]** Fixed an issue with searching message content from ticket worklists.  A ticket could be duplicated in the search results for as many of its messages matched the search term. Due to paging in the worklist, this could lead to far fewer matches being displayed than were actually returned.

* **[Worklists/Search]** Fixed an issue that prevented the 'msgs.notes:' quick search filter from returning results on ticket worklists.

* **[Worklists/Search/Elasticsearch]** Fixed an issue with Elasticsearch integration where cached results were always treated as a large collection (using a less efficient "JOIN") even if they contained a small number of IDs that could be handled more efficiently with a "WHERE id IN(...)".

* **[Worklists/Search]** Added an `id:` quick search filter to bucket worklists.

* **[Worklists/Search]** Added an `id:` quick search filter to calendar event worklists.

* **[Worklists/Search]** Added an `id:` quick search filter to task worklists.

* **[Setup/Bots]** Fixed an issue in Setup where Bots->Search wouldn't be remembered as the last viewed page when clicking the 'Setup' link again.

* **[Worklists/Search]** Added an `id:` quick search filter to activity log worklists.

* **[Worklists/Search]** Added an `id:` quick search filter to worker worklists.

* **[Worklists/Search]** Added an `id:` quick search filter to contact worklists.

* **[Worklists/Search]** Added an `id:` quick search filter to organization worklists.

* **[Worklists/Search]** Added an `id:` quick search filter to custom fieldset worklists.

* **[Worklists/Search]** Added an `id:` quick search filter to file bundle worklists.

* **[Worklists/Search]** Added an `id:` quick search filter to message worklists.

* **[Worklists/Search]** Added a `worker.id:` quick search filter to message worklists.

* **[Worklists/Search]** Added a `group.id:` quick search filter to message worklists.

* **[Worklists/Search]** Added an `id:` quick search filter to snippet worklists.

* **[Worklists/Search]** Added an `id:` quick search filter to opportunity worklists.

* **[Worklists/Search]** Added an `id:` quick search filter to feedback worklists.

* **[Worklists/Search]** Added an `id:` quick search filter to knowledgebase article worklists.

* **[Worklists/Search/Workers]** Fixed an issue that prevented worker full names from search indexing properly.

* **[CHD-4513] [Mail/Usability]** When writing email in Markdown mode, clicking the 'Link' button now prompts for a URL rather than inserting "example.com" placeholder text.

* **[Bots/Simulator]** Fixed an issue in the bot behavior simulator where the decision tree wasn't rendered properly after backporting a fix to 7.2.x from 7.3.

* **[Cards/Groups]** Fixed an issue on group cards where the counts were displayed incorrectly on the search buttons for open, waiting, and closed tickets.

* **[Worklists/Quick Search]** Fixed an issue with quick search on worklists where a fulltext filter didn't always work if it was the last term following at least one field.

* **[Search/Messages]** Fixed an issue with permissions on message worklists.
