---
layout: post
title:  "7.1.5"
author: Jeff Standen
date:   2016-03-07 15:45:00 -0700
tags: cerb announcements releases
---

Cerb (7.1.5) is a maintenance update released on March 7, 2016; it contains 6 features, fixes, and usability enhancements from community feedback covering the recent 7.1 update.  You can [follow these instructions](/docs/upgrading/) to upgrade.

* **[Support Center/Contact]** In Support Center portals, Contact Forms can now be configured to allow a 'Cc:' field which adds additional contacts to the ticket's participants list.

* **[Support Center/Security]** Fixed an issue in Support Center contact forms where a form could be submitted multiple times on the same session using the same CAPTCHA.

* **[[CHD-4326](http://wgmdev.com/jira/browse/CHD-4326)] [Worklists/Tickets]** When using the 'c' shortcut to close a ticket from a worklist or profile page, an existing 'reopen at' date is no longer deleted.  This was causing issues when transitioning from 'waiting' to 'closed' where the reopen was still expected.

* **[[CHD-4321](http://wgmdev.com/jira/browse/CHD-4321)] [Profiles/Ticket/Notes]** Fixed an issue on ticket profiles where sticky notes only displayed action buttons (permalink/delete) for the first note.

* **[Profiles/Ticket/Notes]** Fixed an issue on ticket profiles where the profile button of a newly added sticky note didn't work properly.

* **[[CHD-4338](http://wgmdev.com/jira/browse/CHD-4338)] [Mail/Notes]** Fixed an issue when replying to a message and adding a sticky note at the same time. When the sticky note editor opened it was replacing the contents of the reply form. Sticky notes are now edited in a popup.

