---
layout: post
title: "In Development: 8.1.1"
excerpt: Cerb 8.1.1 is a maintenance update in development during September 2017 with 6 minor features and fixes from community feedback.
author: The Cerb Team
date: 2017-09-01 16:00:00 -0700
permalink: /releases/8.1.1/
redirect_from:
  - /8.1.1/
tags: cerb announcements releases
release:
  type: maintenance update
  count: 6
---

**Cerb (8.1.1)** is a **{{ page.release.type }}** in development as of September 1, 2017. It includes **{{ page.release.count}}** fixes and minor features from community feedback covering the [8.1](/releases/8.0/) update.  You can [follow these instructions](/docs/upgrading/) to upgrade.

* **[Security/Mailboxes]** Fixed an issue where workers could access mailbox records through bots.

* **[Bots]** On bots, when using the 'Send email' action, the group/bucket placeholders are available for the 'From:' address on more events (e.g. new message added to ticket).

* **[Setup/Import Package]** Fixed an issue when importing packages. If a project board contained placeholders in card field names then the package wouldn't pass validation.

* **[Portals]** When deploying community portals, the `index.php` script now includes the `REMOTE_SSL_VALIDATION` option at the top. This is needed when using self-signed certificates.

* **[Portals]** On a community portal with a self-signed certificate and SSL validation enabled, Cerb previously returned a blank page. A more helpful error message is now displayed.

* **[Bots]** On bots, in 'Before sending message' behaviors, the prepend/append actions can now modify the 'sent' and 'saved' version of the message body separately. For instance, this allows sending disclaimers and survey links in email without saving them in the ticket history.