---
layout: post
title: "In Development: 7.3.3"
excerpt: Cerb 7.3.3 is a maintenance update in development as of February 2017 with 9 fixes and minor features from community feedback.
author: The Cerb Team
date: 2017-02-27 12:00:00 -0700
permalink: /releases/7.3.3/
redirect_from:
  - /7.3.3/
  - /wiki/7.3.3/
tags: cerb announcements releases
release:
  type: maintenance update
  count: 9
---

**Cerb (7.3.3)** is a **{{ page.release.type }}** in development as of February 27, 2017. It includes **{{ page.release.count}}** fixes and minor features from community feedback covering the [7.3](/releases/7.3/) update.  You can [follow these instructions](/docs/upgrading/) to upgrade.

* **[Tickets/Sticky Notes/Usability]** Fixed an issue with sticky notes on ticket profiles. When replying to a ticket, adding a sticky note or comment to a ticket refreshed the message and closed the reply form. New comments and messages are now inserted into the timeline dynamically so they don't interfere with other functionality.

* **[Profiles/Bots/Scheduled Behavior]** Fixed an issue that prevented scheduled behaviors from being deleted on profiles.

* **[Bots/Email]** In bots, the 'Send email' action now supports the 'Cc:' and 'Bcc:' headers.

* **[Mail/Attachments/Usability]** When viewing a ticket profile, each expanded message with attachments now has a new button in its top right toolbar as a visual indication of this. Clicking on this button displays all the attachments linked to the message in a search popup. This addresses feedback where workers could miss attachments on messages with long blocks of quoted text (that pushed the attachments below the fold) when using the `R` shortcut to reply.

* **[Installer/Platform]** Fixed an issue with the requirements checker when PHP's memory_limit is `-1` (disabled) in the `php.ini` file.

* **[Installer/MariaDB]** Fixed an issue in the installer requirements checker when using MariaDB. Previously, the MySQL version test returned inconsistent results between MySQL, MariaDB, and Aurora. Now the installer just attempts to create a table with a fulltext index using the selected engine and reports if the test fails.

* **[Debug/Status]** Updated the `/debug/status` report to track activity counts using the activity log rather than sessions. Old sessions can be cleaned up, which misreports activity.

* **[Debug/Status]** On the `/debug/status` report, the enabled plugin count is now accurate. Previously this included any installed plugins that may have been disabled.

* **[Debug/Status]** Added new counts to the `/debug/status` report: `workers_active_12h`, `workspace_pages`, `workspace_tabs`, `workspace_widgets`.