---
layout: post
title: "7.3.2"
excerpt: Cerb 7.3.2 is a maintenance update released in February 2017 with over 11 fixes and minor features from community feedback.
author: The Cerb Team
date: 2017-02-17 23:00:00 -0700
permalink: /releases/7.3.2/
redirect_from:
  - /7.3.2/
  - /wiki/7.3.2/
tags: cerb announcements releases
release:
  type: maintenance update
  count: 11
---

**Cerb (7.3.2)** is a **{{ page.release.type }}** released on February 17, 2017. It includes **{{ page.release.count}}** fixes and minor features from community feedback covering the [7.3](/releases/7.3/) update.  You can [follow these instructions](/docs/upgrading/) to upgrade.

* **[Log]** Fixed a rare issue where activity log actors could be misattributed on events. This primarily could occur after a worker used the 'email relay' feature and then another message was parsed in the same request.

* **[Mail/HTML]** Fixed an issue in HTML mail templates where embedded images weren't being created properly.

* **[Notifications/Log/Usability]** Improved usability on activity log and notification worklists. Since 7.3.1, links on those worklists open cards, which required an extra click on the 'Profile' button when needed. You can now hold `SHIFT` or `CMD` when clicking a link to open the full profile page in a new browser window/tab.

* **[Cards/Usability]** On cards, holding `SHIFT` while clicking on the **Profile** button will now open it in a new browser window/tab instead of the current one.

* **[Cards/Notifications]** Card popups now display any unread notifications on their record. The notifications are then automatically marked read after being displayed (exactly like on profile pages). If a card was opened from a notifications worklist and it displayed unread notifications, the worklist will be automatically refreshed. This should make the process of viewing notifications much more streamlined.

* **[Cards/Messages/Usability]** Message cards now include sticky notes in the timeline.

* **[Cards/Messages/Comments]** Message cards now include a 'Comment' button for adding new sticky notes to the message.

* **[Cards/Comments]** Comment cards now display the full comment timeline for the parent record. The timeline automatically starts with the current card's comment. This makes it much easier to view a comment conversation for any record directly from a notification or activity log entry.

* **[Records/Comments]** Fixed an issue with editing and deleting comments on records. The displayed comment on the record wasn't updated after saving.

* **[Tickets/Sticky Notes]** Fixed an issue with deleting sticky notes on ticket records. The displayed note on the record wasn't removed after saving.

* **[Tickets/Sticky Notes]** Existing sticky notes on messages can now be edited by their author.