---
layout: post
title:  "7.1.4"
excerpt: Cerb 7.1.4 is a maintenance update released in February 2016 with 12 fixes and minor features from community feedback.
author: The Cerb Team
date:   2016-02-15 13:38:00 -0700
permalink: /releases/7.1.4/
tags: cerb announcements releases
release:
  type: maintenance update
  count: 12
---

**Cerb (7.1.4)** is a **{{ page.release.type }}** released on {{ page.date | date: "%B %d, %Y" }}; it contains **{{ page.release.count }}** improvements from community feedback covering the [7.1](/releases/7.1/) update. You can [follow these instructions](/docs/upgrading/) to upgrade.

* **[CHD-4301] [Support Center/Contacts]** Fixed an issue that prevented account registration in the Support Center.

* **[CHD-4300] [Localization/VAs/API]** Fixed an issue where some multibyte characters were being corrupted in placeholder labels. This affected functionality like the REST API, Virtual Attendant behaviors, and snippets. Technical note: The non-multibyte ucfirst() function was being used.

* **[Platform]** When serving the "Not Found (404)" error page, a Cerb 6.x logo was shown when no custom logo was configured.  This now shows the non-versioned logo of 7.x+.

* **[Virtual Attendants/Variables]** In Virtual Attendants, fixed an issue with the 'Run behavior' and 'Schedule behavior' actions when setting numeric parameters on the target behavior using placeholders. These values were being set to 0 regardless of the placeholder script.

* **[Virtual Attendants/Custom Fields/Variables]** In Virtual Attendants, picklist custom fields can now be set using text variables. Previously, picklist custom fields could only be set to one of the existing values from a list, which complicated some advanced workflows.  For instance, a picklist with the options Red, Green, and Blue, will now also show '(variable) Color' as an option.  The value of the variable is compared to the picklist options in a case insensitive manner.  Any match uses the picklist version of the option, and the lack of a match ignores setting the custom field.

* **[CHD-4310]** [Records/Create/Watchers] Fixed a defect when adding multiple watchers while creating certain records (e.g. orgs, tasks) where only the first watcher was added to the record.

* **[Platform/PHP/Code Cleanup]** Made some minor tweaks for PHP7 compatibility.

* **[Platform/Installer]** Fixed an issue in the guided installer in some environments that could display a blank page and require a manual refresh to continue.

* **[CHD-2755]** [Support Center] When viewing tickets in the Support Center, a new 'Edit' button enables contacts to modify the subject, status, and participants of their tickets.  Previously, only the status could be changed.

* **[Support Center/Activity Log/Participants]** When a contact adds or removes participants on tickets in the Support Center, these actions are now logged in the Activity Log.

* **[Support Center/Activity Log]** Activity Log entries from the Support Center now record the actor as a Contact rather than an Email Address.

* **[Installer/Security]** The installer was creating a few ./storage subdirectories with 0774 permissions (owner/group read-write, world readable). These are now created as 0770 (without world readable).
