---
layout: post
title: "7.3.12"
excerpt: Cerb 7.3.12 is a maintenance update released in May 2017 with 16 fixes and minor features from community feedback.
author: The Cerb Team
date: 2017-05-24 08:00:00 -0700
permalink: /releases/7.3.12/
redirect_from:
  - /7.3.12/
tags: cerb announcements releases
release:
  type: maintenance update
  count: 16
---

**Cerb (7.3.12)** is a **{{ page.release.type }}** released on May 24, 2017. It includes **{{ page.release.count}}** fixes and minor features from community feedback covering the [7.3](/releases/7.3/) update.  You can [follow these instructions](/docs/upgrading/) to upgrade.

* **[Worklists/Subtotals]** Fixed an issue with blank custom field subtotals on worklists.
 
* **[Reports]** The 'Worker History over Date Range' report can now be filtered by ticket status.

* **[Performance/Tickets/History]** On ticket profiles, when viewing the 'Participant History' tab, the 'Sender Domain' option now uses the `participant:(host:example.com)` deep search filter. This is much more efficient than the previous full table scan of the email addresses list.

* **[Dashboards/Charts/Fields]** Fixed an issue with custom fields on dashboard charts.

* **[Dashboards/Charts]** Fixed an issue with dashboard charts that use COUNT on a custom field.

* **[Dashboards/Gauges]** On dashboards, gauges can now define up to 7 thresholds. Previously they were limited to 4.

* **[Worklists/Search]** Fixed an issue in worklist quick search if the '(placeholders)' submenu didn't contain an equal number of keys and labels.

* **[Worklists/Search]** In worklist quick search menus, fixed the examples for several custom field types. These were wrapping the values in `("...")`, which is no longer recommended. They're now just quoted.

* **[Bots/Events]** In bots, the 'Before message sent from worker' event now has a `content_format` placeholder with a value of `1` for parsedown/html and `0` for plaintext. This makes it possible to detect when a message is being sent in HTML mode.

* **[Bots/Placeholders]** Fixed an issue with bot placeholders where extra submenus were sometimes created (e.g. "Create A -> Ticket").

* **[Bots/Behaviors]** Fixed an issue with bot behaviors where some custom field placeholders weren't available as conditions on outcome nodes.

* **[API/Activity Log]** Fixed an issue in the API that prevented activity log entries from being sorted by the `created` field.

* **[Opps]** The 'created date' field is no longer editable on opportunity records. It's now automatically managed like the other record types.

* **[Mail/Compose]** Fixed an issue on the compose popup where the `#signature` was always inserted regardless of worker preferences.

* **[Mail/Reply]** Fixed an issue when replying to messages. When using the "Quote and reply to only these recipients" option, the `From:` header was always being used even when a `Reply-To:` header existed.

* **[Support Center]** Fixed an issue in the Support Center portal where the sorting was always reset to 'Updated' in descending order.