---
layout: post
title:  "7.2.4"
excerpt: Cerb 7.2.4 is a maintenance update released in December 2016 with 11 fixes and minor features from community feedback.
author: The Cerb Team
date:   2016-12-05 15:00:00 -0700
permalink: /releases/7.2.4/
tags: cerb announcements releases
release:
  type: maintenance update
  count: 11
---

**Cerb (7.2.4)** is a **{{ page.release.type }}** released on December 5, 2016; it contains **{{ post.release.count }}**page. fixes and minor features from community feedback covering the [7.2](/releases/7.2/) update.  You can [follow these instructions](/docs/upgrading/) to upgrade.

* **[Web-API/Contacts]** Added contacts to the REST-based Web API. Contact records can be created, modified, searched, and deleted. See: http://cerbweb.com/book/latest/developer_guide/rest_api/contacts.html

* **[CHD-4373] [Bots/Scripts]** Added a 'parse_emails' filter to bot scripts. This takes a delimited string of email addresses in RFC-5322/2822 format (e.g. from a 'To:' header) and converts them into a validated array of objects. Each object has members for: full_email, email, mailbox, host, and personal.

* **[Worklists/Tickets/Performance]** When using the 'participants:' and 'sender:' quick search filters, the default is now an exact match rather than a wildcard suffix. This should improve performance in the most common use case.

* **[Platform/Update]** Fixed an issue in some environments that prevented /update from redirecting back to Cerb when finished. This had to do with PHP7 functionality changes.

* **[Platform/Hostname]** Added an APP_HOSTNAME option to framework.config.php which controls the hostname used for all generated URLs. Normally the hostname is automatically detected from the server environment, but in some situations (e.g. proxies and load balancers) an administrator may want to override this. In Cerb Cloud, all instances are hosted as *.cerb.me subdomains, and many clients have CNAMEs for custom URLs.  When the scheduler runs, the *.cerb.me domain is used for URLs in placeholders and notifications, and a cookie session often doesn't exist for that hostname. This option allows URLs to be generated using a CNAME regardless of the hostname used to access the site.

* **[PHP7]** Fixed an issue with PHP7 and the mailparse extension in Setup->Mail->Failed.

* **[MySQL]** Fixed an issue in the /update patcher with MySQL 5.7+ when 'only_full_group_by' is in the sql_mode. Prior to MySQL 5.7.5, the alias of an aggregated column can't appear in a HAVING statement. On fresh installations, this was causing a blank page in the middle of the installer that required a page refresh to continue.

* **[CHD-4476] [Portals/Templates]** Fixed an issue with community portals where changes to custom templates weren't reflected in real-time. The cached template wasn't invalidating properly in some environments.

* **[MySQL]** Fixed more issues with MySQL 5.7 due to the new 'only_full_group_by' default in the 'sql_mode' option. This was causing some reports, subtotals, and dashboard widgets to break.

* **[Calendars/Events]** Fixed an issue on calendars where some zero duration events weren't displayed properly.

* **[Worklists/Search/MySQL]** Increased the maximum results in MySQL Fulltext searches to 10,000 (from 1,000).

