---
layout: post
title: "8.1.3"
excerpt: Cerb 8.1.3 is a maintenance update released in September 2017 with 13 fixes and minor features from community feedback.
author: The Cerb Team
date: 2017-09-27 10:30:00 -0700
permalink: /releases/8.1.3/
redirect_from:
  - /8.1.3/
tags: cerb announcements releases
release:
  type: maintenance update
  count: 13
---

**Cerb (8.1.3)** is a **{{ page.release.type }}** released on September 27, 2017. It includes **{{ page.release.count}}** fixes and minor features from community feedback covering the [8.1](/releases/8.1/) update.  You can [follow these instructions](/docs/upgrading/) to upgrade.

* **[UI/Aesthetics]** CSS3 fixes for fieldsets in Safari 11.

* **[Platform]** Implemented `DevblocksPlatform::strBitsToInt()` for converting bits (e.g. '32 bits', '4 bytes') into an integer value. This takes into account `PHP_INT_MAX` on 32-bit systems.

* **[Platform/Validation]** Fixed an issue with field validation on 32-bit systems.

* **[API]** In the API, fixed an issue with paging search results when using a quick search query to add filters.

* **[Cards/Tickets]** When opening a card for a non-existent ticket (e.g. previously deleted), a proper error message is now displayed.

* **[Bots/Mail]** In bots, fixed an issue with the 'Send email' action when using placeholders like 'Ticket Group' or 'Ticket Bucket' as the 'From:' field.

* **[Bots/Mail]** In bots, when using the 'Send email' action, a new 'Also send email in simulator' option is available. This makes it easier to test bot behaviors with live email.

* **[Custom Fieldsets]** Fixed an issue on custom fieldsets where the owner name in the label could be double escaped if it contained special characters (including quotes and apostrophes).

* **[Snippets/Mail]** Fixed an issue with snippets. The usage counter wasn't incrementing properly when snippets were pasted.

* **[Roles/Orgs]** Fixed an issue with the permission to create organization records.

* **[Tasks/Subtotals]** Fixed an issue with subtotals on task worklists. When clicked, the 'status' subtotals weren't adding filters properly.

* **[Mail/Tickets]** Fixed an issue with the participant exclusion option on tickets. This was matching substrings by default, so  `someuser@example` was also excluded if `user@example` was -- even without wildcards. This now does exact matches by default.

* **[Mail/Compose]** When composing a message, the 'Reopen at' field now supports calendar input, and automatically normalizes relative dates (e.g. `+2 hours` or `next Monday noon`). This was already happening on reply and card editors, but not on compose.