---
layout: post
title: "7.3.4"
excerpt: Cerb 7.3.4 is a maintenance update released in March 2017 with 11 fixes and minor features from community feedback.
author: The Cerb Team
date: 2017-03-06 11:05:00 -0700
permalink: /releases/7.3.4/
redirect_from:
  - /7.3.4/
  - /wiki/7.3.4/
tags: cerb announcements releases
release:
  type: maintenance update
  count: 11
---

**Cerb (7.3.4)** is a **{{ page.release.type }}** released on March 6, 2017. It includes **{{ page.release.count}}** fixes and minor features from community feedback covering the [7.3](/releases/7.3/) update.  You can [follow these instructions](/docs/upgrading/) to upgrade.

* **[Cards/Email]** Fixed an issue in the email address editor popup. The organization field was being validated incorrectly.

* **[API/Tickets]** In the API, added an `owner_id` field to the `POST /tickets/compose.json` method.

* **[Worklists/Cards/Notifications]** Fixed an issue where opening a card from a worklist could refresh the whole list. This should only happen on notification worklists when opening a card with unread notification.

* **[Bots/Notifications]** In bots, notification behaviors now provide an 'Event JSON' placeholder. This includes the raw data for the event that triggered the notification, which makes it easy to load related records. For instance, a 'commented on' notification could load the comment and use the text.

* **[Mail/Compose/Watchers]** Fixed an issue on the compose popup where the selected watchers weren't added to the new ticket.

* **[Tickets/Quick Search]** Added a `reopen:` filter to quick search on ticket worklists.

* **[Comments]** When editing an existing comment, a new 'Update the comment timestamp' option is available. This changes the comment's timestamp to the current time, and is useful for workflows where comments are updated with a running log of progress.

* **[Worklists/Search]** In the worklist quick search helper, moved the '(placeholders)' submenu to the top right below '(operators)'. Previously, this was being displayed at the bottom.

* **[Setup/HTML/Files]** Fixed a usability issue with editing HTML templates from **Setup >> Mail >> HTML**. When opening the file chooser and pressing `<ESC>`, this closed the HTML template editor rather than the chooser popup. This was due to the HTML editor stealing focus after opening the popup.

* **[Choosers/Usability]** When using the 'me' shortcut on worker choosers the profile picture is now properly displayed.

* **[Tasks/Cards/Watchers]** When creating a new task, watchers may now be added at the same time.