---
layout: post
title: 7.3.5
excerpt: Cerb 7.3.5 is a maintenance update released in March 2017 with 9 fixes and minor features from community feedback.
author: The Cerb Team
date: 2017-03-13 12:10:00 -0700
permalink: /releases/7.3.5/
redirect_from:
  - /7.3.5/
tags: cerb announcements releases
release:
  type: maintenance update
  count: 9
---

**Cerb (7.3.5)** is a **{{ page.release.type }}** released on March 13, 2017. It includes **{{ page.release.count}}** fixes and minor features from community feedback covering the [7.3](/releases/7.3/) update.  You can [follow these instructions](/docs/upgrading/) to upgrade.

* **[Mail/HTML Templates]** Fixed an issue where HTML Templates were stripping the `ID` attribute from the message. This prevented a client from being able to include a table of contents above an auto-reply with responses in many languages.

* **[Bots/Behaviors]** When a bot behavior is marked 'private' it will no longer show up in the behavior list on profiles or in the bulk update popup. It will only be visible to other bots.

* **[Bots/Behaviors/Actions]** On bot behaviors, fixed an issue with the 'Send email' action. If the specified `From:` sender address was deleted after the behavior was set up then sending mail failed silently. Now the default sender address is used.

* **[Cards/Buckets]** Fixed an issue on bucket cards. Clicking on the ticket counts didn't properly set filters on the search popups.

* **[Installer]** The last step of the installer no longer displays an optional registration survey. Instead, a link is provided to the project website to receive the free 3-seat starter license.  The installer survey was troublesome when SMTP services weren't available (improperly set up, or using the null mailer). People would believe they had registered when the message was never sent.

* **[Worklists/Tickets]** Added a `messages.count:` quick search filter to ticket worklists.

* **[Worklists/Tickets/Drafts]** When showing the 'worker is replying' icon on ticket worklists, that worker's profile photo is now displayed rather than a generic silhouette icon.

* **[Bots/Snippets/Scripts]** Added a `|quote` filter to bot scripting and snippets. It reformats text like an email reply, with `>` indent prefixes and lines wrapped to 76 characters.

* **[Mail/Reply/Usability]** When replying to a message, the quoting functionality will now attempt to automatically detect lists and prevent reflowing them into a single paragraph. Previously, lists like `* Item One<LF>* Item Two<LF>` were quoted as `> * Item One * Item Two`.