---
layout: post
title: "In Development: 7.3.10"
excerpt: Cerb 7.3.10 is a maintenance update released in April 2017 with 11 fixes and minor features from community feedback.
author: The Cerb Team
date: 2017-04-17 10:00:00 -0700
permalink: /releases/7.3.10/
redirect_from:
  - /7.3.10/
tags: cerb announcements releases
release:
  type: maintenance update
  count: 11
---

**Cerb (7.3.10)** is a **{{ page.release.type }}** released on April 17, 2017. It includes **{{ page.release.count}}** fixes and minor features from community feedback covering the [7.3](/releases/7.3/) update.  You can [follow these instructions](/docs/upgrading/) to upgrade.

* **[API/Log]** In the API, activity log entries can now be subtotaled by `activity`.

* **[Bots]** Fixed an issue with 'Set ticket owner' actions on 'New message added to a group conversation' behaviors.

* **[Comments/Usability]** Improved the performance of very long comments (e.g. >100KB).

* **[Bots/Convos/Exit]** Fixed an issue with conversational bot behaviors. The 'exit' action wasn't properly resuming behaviors.

* **[Bots/UI/Replies]** In bots, '[UI] When starting a reply to a message' behaviors now provide 'Current worker' placeholders.

* **[Bots/UI/Replies]** In bots, '[UI] While replying to a message' behaviors now provide 'Current worker' placeholders.

* **[Snippets/Permissions]** Fixed a permissions issue where workers couldn't create new self-owned snippets.

* **[Worklists/Attachments/Export]** Fixed an issue that prevented attachment worklists from being exported to CSV/XML/JSON.

* **[Worklists/Subtotals/Custom Fields]** Fixed an issue with how multiple-value custom fields (e.g. multi-checkbox) are subtotaled. Previously each record was only counted once no matter how many values it had set. Now each value counts. This means that the total of all category subtotals on a multi-value field can exceed the number of rows in a worklist (up to the cardinality of the field multiplied by the number of rows), but the subtotal for any category will be at most the number of results in the list. This improves the accuracy of dashboards that use subtotal widgets.

* **[Bots/Scripting/XML]** Fixed an issue with bot scripting and the `xml_decode()` function. The new sandbox was preventing property access on the returned object (e.g. `$xml.parent.element`). This is now properly allowed.

* **[Profiles/Snippets]** Fixed an issue on the snippets profile page where the 'Content' tab was blank.
