---
layout: post
title: "7.3.9"
excerpt: Cerb 7.3.9 is a maintenance update released in April 2017 with 15 fixes and minor features from community feedback.
author: The Cerb Team
date: 2017-04-10 8:45:00 -0700
permalink: /releases/7.3.9/
redirect_from:
  - /7.3.9/
tags: cerb announcements releases
release:
  type: maintenance update
  count: 15
---

**Cerb (7.3.9)** is a **{{ page.release.type }}** released on April 10, 2017. It includes **{{ page.release.count}}** fixes and minor features from community feedback covering the [7.3](/releases/7.3/) update.  You can [follow these instructions](/docs/upgrading/) to upgrade.

* **[Security/Bots/Scripting]** Fixed an issue with the Twig sandbox and dot-notation properties from `DevblocksDictionaryDelegate` objects (like run behavior).

* **[Security/Bots/Scripting]** Fixed an issue with the Twig sandbox preventing the `xml_xpath()` and `xml_xpath_ns()` functions.

* **[Mail/Search]** Added a `messages.first:` deep search filter to ticket worklists. This allows tickets to be filtered by any property of their initial message (e.g. sender, incoming/outgoing, etc).  For example: `messages.first:(sender:(host:fiaflux.example))`

* **[Mail/Search]** Added a `messages.last:` deep search filter to ticket worklists. This allows tickets to be filtered by any property of their latest message (e.g. sender, incoming/outgoing, etc).  For example: `messages.last:(isOutgoing:no)`

* **[API/Workers]** When creating or updating workers through the API, the `auth` field is now available for setting the authentication method (e.g. `login.password`, `login.ldap`). See: <https://cerb.ai/docs/api/endpoints/workers/>

* **[API/Workers]** When creating or updating workers through the API, the `dob` field is now available for setting the date of birth (e.g. 1975-05-15).

* **[API/Workers]** When creating or updating workers through the API, the `gender` field is now available for setting the gender (e.g. M, F, or blank).

* **[API/Workers]** When creating or updating workers through the API, the `language` field is now available for setting the worker's language (e.g. `en_US`, `de_DE`, `es_ES`, `nl_NL`).

* **[API/Workers]** When creating or updating workers through the API, the `location` field is now available for setting the location.

* **[API/Workers]** When creating or updating workers through the API, the `mention` field is now available for setting the worker's @mention alias.

* **[API/Workers]** When creating or updating workers through the API, the `mobile` field is now available for setting the worker's mobile number.

* **[API/Workers]** When creating or updating workers through the API, the `phone` field is now available for setting the worker's phone number.

* **[API/Workers]** When creating or updating workers through the API, the `timezone` field is now available for setting the worker's time zone (e.g. America/Los_Angeles).

* **[API/Groups]** Added the ability to create and update groups through the API. See: <https://cerb.ai/docs/api/endpoints/groups/#create>

* **[API/Groups]** In the API, added the ability to add/remove members and managers in groups. See: <https://cerb.ai/docs/api/endpoints/groups/#members>