---
layout: post
title: "8.2.9"
excerpt: Cerb 8.2.9 is a maintenance update released in January 2018 with 9 minor features and fixes from community feedback.
author: The Cerb Team
date: 2018-01-30 00:00:00 -0700
permalink: /releases/8.2.9/
redirect_from:
  - /8.2.9/
tags: cerb announcements releases
release:
  type: maintenance update
  count: 9
---

**Cerb (8.2.9)** is a **{{ page.release.type }}** released on January 30, 2018. It includes **{{ page.release.count}}** minor features and fixes from community feedback covering the [8.2](/releases/8.2/) update.  You can [follow these instructions](/docs/upgrading/) to upgrade.

* **[Records/Validation]** Implemented validation for the 'Files' custom field type.

* **[Plugins/AWS]** Fixed an issue with the Amazon Web Services plugin. The generated AWS request signature could intermittently fail to validate due to a timing error.

* **[Developers/Dictionaries]** When using dictionaries (`DevblocksDictionaryDelegate`), a `get()` method now allows a dynamic key to be retrieved. Previously keys could only be retrieved using the `__get()` magic method, with `$dict->$key` syntax, which required an extra variable to be constructed for `$key`.

* **[Records/Validation]** In records, fixed a validation issue with 64-bit numbers.

* **[Dashboards/Charts]** Fixed an issue on dashboard chart widgets where the format options (e.g. seconds elapsed, bytes) were ignored if the x-axis was a date-based field (e.g. created, updated).

* **[Knowledgebase/Profiles/Usability]** When viewing the profile of a knowledgebase article, the categories in the "Filed under" are now clickable and open cards. [[#575](https://github.com/jstanden/cerb/issues/575)]

* **[Knowledgebase/Support Center]** Fixed an issue in the Support Center. When viewing knowledgebase articles and increasing the `views` field counter, the `updated` date was also being set to the current date. This made it look like articles had been recently updated with new information. The updated date no longer changes when the view counter does. [[#574](https://github.com/jstanden/cerb/issues/574)]

* **[Calendars/Worklists]** Fixed an issue on calendars when using a worklist as an event datasource. In some situations, the worklist attempted to save with a `limit` of `-1` in an unsigned database field. These temporary worklists didn't need to persist at all. [[#582](https://github.com/jstanden/cerb/issues/582)]

* **[Portals/Templates]** In portals, fixed a PHP warning when exporting custom templates to an `.xml` file.

