---
layout: post
title: "8.2.7"
excerpt: Cerb 8.2.7 is a maintenance update released in January 2018 with 10 minor features and fixes from community feedback.
author: The Cerb Team
date: 2018-01-02 00:00:00 -0700
permalink: /releases/8.2.7/
redirect_from:
  - /8.2.7/
tags: cerb announcements releases
release:
  type: maintenance update
  count: 10
---

**Cerb (8.2.7)** is a **{{ page.release.type }}** released on January 3, 2018. It includes **{{ page.release.count}}** minor features and fixes from community feedback covering the [8.2](/releases/8.2/) update.  You can [follow these instructions](/docs/upgrading/) to upgrade.

* **[API/Records]** Fixed an issue with the records API (and bot record actions) where some custom field types couldn't be unset.

* **[Bots/Interactions]** Fixed an issue with conversational bots where messages from multiple behaviors on the same interaction could return in a different order than intended.

* **[Bots/Interactions]** Fixed an issue with conversational bots where the 'Behavior has parent' placeholder wasn't being set properly when returning from deeply nested behaviors.

* **[Bots/Behaviors]** Fixed an issue when editing bot behaviors. If two outcome or action editors were opened at the same time, their forms could interfere with each other.

* **[Bots/Interactions]** Fixed an issue with conversation bots in portals. When using the 'Switch behavior' action, input variables didn't use the code editor until the action was saved.

* **[Bots/Interactions]** Conversational bot interactions can now provide a default value for the 'Prompt with text input' action.

* **[Bots/Interactions]** Conversational bot interactions using the 'Prompt with text input' action can now enable multiple line input.

* **[Groups/Responsibilities]** Fixed an issue where adding or removing group members from the profile page could unintentionally reset bucket responsibility settings for all members.

* **[Profiles/Time Tracking]** Fixed an issue where viewing the profile of an invalid time tracking entry disabled an error.

* **[Installer]** Fixed an issue with the `servercheck.php` script that prevented it from working when `mbstring` wasn't installed.