---
layout: post
title: "8.2.8"
excerpt: Cerb 8.2.8 is a maintenance update released in January 2018 with 6 minor features and fixes from community feedback.
author: The Cerb Team
date: 2018-01-23 00:00:00 -0700
permalink: /releases/8.2.8/
redirect_from:
  - /8.2.8/
tags: cerb announcements releases
release:
  type: maintenance update
  count: 6
---

**Cerb (8.2.8)** is a **{{ page.release.type }}** released on January 23, 2018. It includes **{{ page.release.count}}** minor features and fixes from community feedback covering the [8.2](/releases/8.2/) update.  You can [follow these instructions](/docs/upgrading/) to upgrade.

* **[Packages]** Fixed an issue with importing packages that contain community portals.

* **[Mail/Parser/Localization]** Fixed an issue in the email parser where the `iconv` extension wasn't properly utilized when enabled. This can handle extensions that `mbstring` can't (Thai, etc).

* **[Mail/Compose/Usability]** When composing a ticket, an obvious warning is now given if no recipients have been provided. It's valid to create a ticket without recipients, but shouldn't happen on accident.

* **[Bots/Variables/Simulator]** In bots, when setting list variables using a worklist quick search, the simulator now shows the quick search query being used. Previously, the query could be built with placeholders and no indication of the result.

* **[Bots/Actions]** In message- and ticket-related bot behaviors, fixed an issue with the 'Set owner' action where setting the value with a worker-based list variable didn't work properly.

* **[Worklists/Tickets/Responsibilities]** Fixed an issue with ticket worklists when the 'Responsibility' column is enabled. Tickets in buckets with zero responsibility are now hidden from the list.